# VeChain General Grant Application Template

## Project Overview 

- Project: The name of the project
Genesis Shards

- Team Name: Legal name of your team 
Genesis Shards Ltd.

- Payment Address: USDT (ERC 20) payment address. We don't accept payments for the program in other currencies at this stage.
0x307BC635aaA08d14b7DC2198326D0AC91bbfBB9a

> ⚠️ *The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.*

### Overview

Please provide the following:
- A brief description of the project.
A self sufficient team, we have build a suite of DeFi products across multiple blockchains. This includes: 

Genpad  *V2* adapts a unique DeFi + NFT model. Unlike any other launchpad, we issue unique NFTs to every user.

The split of DeFi and NFT communities results in liquidity and attention span being split alienating the two communities from each other as there are no overlapping/common benefits.

Our product solves this by enabling cross-community **engagement by bringing relevance across both DeFi and NFT spaces.*

1) GENPAD v2
Genpad = Launchpad + NFTs + Tribe  Genpad is an IDO launchpad which creates and airdrops a kickass, customized NFT collection to users, to help create a tribe-like following for your project. Tested and proven product line with over 30+ successful launches which has raised over 1.55 million USD for our partners. Built a strong and organic community of over 100k users.
WHY?
- A powerful launchpad for projects #BUIDLing on your chain
- Make powerful new partnerships by leveraging our technology, marketing and extensive Web3 network 
- A unique, customized set of NFTs is created just for your project 
- providing instant gratification for the investors  
- The NFTs also help create your project's very own tribe 
- a set of loyal, long-term supporters

2) NFT MARKETPLACE
A multi-chain NFT trading platform
A state-of-the art NFT marketplace, with multiple chains already integrated and with many more in the pipeline.
WHY?
- lncreased on-chain liquidity generated by NFT trades for partners 
- Multi-chain support to capture a wider customer base  
The split of DeFi and NFT communities results in liquidity and attention span being split and thereby alienating both communities from each other. 
We intend on solving this by introducing a product that caters to both communities.  

3) STAKING PLATFORM 
- A multiple staking product line platform that can be tailored to users’ requirements. 
- NFT Rewards Staking: First-of-its-kind staking product with NFT rewards 
- Cohort Staking: Staking with multi-token rewards 
- Single Asset Staking: Flexi-staking solution with token rewards  

4) ALLIANCE GUILD 
- To maximize the potential of our partners and to build a stable community that contributes to its members' growth 
- The Alliance guild currently has a comprehensive network of blockchain projects, access partners (top VCs and hedge funds), a global KOL/influencer network and top-tier mentors in the crypto space. 
- We share: Deal Flows, Partnership Opportunities, Private sale pitches, AMA & Podcast opportunities & Upcoming events & insider leaks
  
5) LIQUIDITY MINING 
- Partner projects can do LM on the Platform


- An indication of why your team is interested in creating this project within the VeChain Ecosystem.


- If relevant, an indication of how you will integrate tools and features (e.g., Sync2/Connex, fee delegation protocols, MTT, etc) to enhance your project. 



### Project Details

We expect the teams to already have a solid idea about the project's expected final state.
Therefore, we ask the teams to submit (where relevant):
- Mockups/designs of any UI components
- API specifications of the core functionality
- An overview of the technology stack to be used
- Documentation of core components, protocols, architecture, etc. to be deployed
- PoC/MVP or other relevant prior work or research on the topic

Please refer to [www.genshards.com](https://www.genshards.com/)


### Ecosystem Fit
Are there any other projects similar to yours? If so, how is your project different?

## Team 

### Team members

- Name of team leader
- Names of team members

Genesis Shards is a 20-member strong mission-driven global team that has built and scaled products at Harmony $ONE, Marlin Protocol $POND, Accenture, Deloitte, and Wharton.

Nilotpal Mukherjee
Co-founder - Gs@genshards.com , @NilotpalM (Telegram)
- Headed the business at Marlin Labs
- Ex CBO at Marlin Labs
- Partner, Momentum 6
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilotpal-mukherjee/

Garlam Won
Co-founder - 88garam@gmail.com, @garlamw (Telegram)
- Headed Marketing at Harmony
- Co-founded the venture, Momentum 6
- Behind the marketing of top DeFi & NFT projects (Sandbox, MantraDAO, Kava, and 25+ others)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/garlam/ 

Jae Chung
- Leads development at GS
- Known in the space through the $EOS main net launch
https://github.com/orgs/GenesisShards/people/jchung00
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sungjaechung/

Tech:
https://github.com/orgs/GenesisShards/people/anandsinha07
https://github.com/orgs/GenesisShards/people/AmiAnshuman


### Team Website

https://www.genshards.com/

### Team's experience

Please describe the team's relevant experience. If the project involves development work, then we'd appreciated it if you can single out a few interesting codes commits made by team members on their past projects. 

### Team Code Repos

https://github.com/GenesisShards
https://github.com/orgs/GenesisShards/people/anandsinha07
https://github.com/orgs/GenesisShards/people/AmiAnshuman

### Team LinkedIn Profiles

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilotpal-mukherjee/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/garlam/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sungjaechung/

## Development Roadmap 

This section should break out the development roadmap into a number of milestones. Since the milestones will appear in the grant contract, it helps to describe the functionality we should expect, plus how we can check that such functionality exists in the product. Whenever milestones are delivered, we refer to the contract to ensure that everything has been delivered as expected.

Below we provide an <b>example roadmap</b>. For each milestone:

- Please indicate the milestone duration, workload in terms of full-time equivalent (FTE) and cost. 
- Please be sure to include a specification of the software. The level of details must be high enough so that we are able to verify that the software meets the specification.
- Please note that we require documentation (e.g. tutorials, API specifications, architecture details) in each milestone. This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
- Please provide a test suite, comprising unit and integration tests, along with a guide on how to run these.
- Please commit to providing dockerfiles for the delivery of your project.


### Roadmap for NFTized IDO launchpad

#### Overview

| Milestone | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | Total |
| - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - |
| Estimated Duration | 25 d | 10 d | 25 d | 25 d | 15 d | 10 d ||
| Full-time equivalent (FTE) | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 5 ||
| Cost | $ 7800 | $ 1250 | $ 6250 | $ 4800 | $ 3750 | $ 6150 | $30,000 |

#### Milestone 1 — Creation and testing of smart contracts for the IDO launchpad

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
|-|-|-|
| 1| Creation and testing of smart contracts for the IDO launchpad | 1.Users can contribute for IDOs in which they are whitelisted as per their allocation, 
2.After contributing for the IDO, users will get a unique NFT minted and dropped to their wallet, 3.They can claim their tokens after TGE as per the vesting schedule
 |
| 2 | UI designs for the website | 1.Responsive designs (mobile/tablet/personal computer) for all pages,2.Home page displaying all IDOs, individual project page, user profile page |
| 3 | UI development | 1.Home page showing all IDOs (past, live & upcoming), 2.Individual project page will show details about the project, whitelist application / results, and the option to buy allocation and claim tokens as per vesting, 3.User profile page will show all the projects in which the connected wallet has allocation, and all the NFTs owned by investing in IDOs|
| 4 | API creation and database creation and management | 1.Database for storing various details to be shown on the platform, including whitelisting for IDOs,2.APIs for fetching and displaying data on the platform|
| 5 | Smart contract integration with the platform using ABIs | |
| 6 | NFT Artists | Finalise 10 of the top NFT artists to create unique NFTs for every IDO on the launchpad |

#### Community engagement

As part of the Program, we require that you produce and publish at least one article/tutorial (e.g., on Medium). It should explain your work done as part of the grant.

Surely, we will publish regular updates.

The broad narrative is to evangelize the use of the blockchain while improving the user journey by reducing friction. We will achieve this by:
- Encouraging more projects to #BUIDL while adopting the blockchain. This will compound the effectiveness of network activity and growth as both projects and their communities are incentivized throughout the product journey.
- Increased liquidity and early investment opportunities for communities built around our IDOpad, NFT marketplace and staking options. This will result in building reputation with crypto native audiences and will onboard new users.
- Making powerful new partnerships by leveraging our new additions to technology, marketing and extensive Web3 network.


## Future Plans

Please include the team's long-term plans and intentions.

Genesis Shards has started a new educational/upskilling Web 3.00 platform called “TFH3”. TFH3 is a Web3-focused edu-tech project aimed at equipping the next one-million Web 3.0 participants with the necessary skills. The project aims to address and tackle the lack of quality talent in the Web3 ecosystem which stems from a disparate, fragmented way by which Web3 skilling and earning opportunities are discovered by potential participants. The project also aims to ease Web3 organizations' ever-increasing pain of attracting and evaluating the right talent, and also open up channels for meaningful conversations between the Web3 organizations as well as the participants.

## Additional Information 

Any additional information that you think is relevant to this application that hasn't already been included.

Possible additional information to include:
- What work has been done so far?
- Are there any teams who have already contributed (financially) to the project?
- Have you applied for other grants so far?


As an L1 ecosystem, it is imperative that result-oriented connections are built within the Web 3.0 space. To enable this, we have created the Alliance Guild to help bring together portfolio companies and select Web3 partners.

The GS Alliance Guild currently has a comprehensive network of over 150+ blockchain projects, access partners (top VCs and hedge funds), a trending global KOL/influencer network and top-tier mentors in the crypto space. 

The Guild's goal is simple - to maximize the potential of our partners and to build a stable community that contributes to its members' growth while sharing:
- Deal Flows
- Partnership Opportunities
- Private sale pitches
- AMA & Podcast opportunities
- Upcoming events & insider leaks

MARKETING BENEFITS
- Building, growing and maintaining communities
- Effective marketing campaigns on both crypto native and normal channels
- Cost-effective PR plans
- A 250+ trending KOL and influencer network
- Joint AMAs and podcasts on trending channels
- Advertisements on web 3.00 related affiliate networks and websites.
- Perception management with experienced community managers involved
